Can you tell me the frame weight of order x
I'd like to know the frame weight of the windows in order x
I need to know how much the window frames weigh on order x
There a window on order x that I'd like to know the frame weight for
I just want to check the frame weight of the window on order x
I'm really struggling to access project x
the customer cannot open project x
OSS errors every time I try to open project x
Project x keeps erroring whenever I try to open it
I can't open project x
I started generating the documents x minutes ago but they've still not downloaded
the document generation wheel just keeps going round
I can't download the documents even after y hours
I started the document generation yesterday but it's not finished yet
Can you generate the documents on projectID x for me please?
"The customer is really struggling to login, can you check the credentials?"
"I can't login with my credentials, could you take a look please?"
My username and password don't seem to work
Why is it that i can't login to OSS?
Could you test my user credentials please?
Can you let me know the frame weight of order x please
I'd like to know the weight of the window frames in order x
I need to know how much each of the window frames weigh on order x
There's a window on order x that I need to get the frame weight for
I just want to find out the weight of the window frame on order x
I'm really struggling to get access to project x
the customer cannot open project x on OSS
OSS errors every time I try to open project x on OSS
Project x gives an error whenever I try to open it
I can't open project x when i do there's an error
I started downloading the documents x hours ago but they've still not downloaded
the document generation wheel just keeps spinning
I can't download the quote even after y hours
I started the document generation yesterday but it's not finished even now
Could you re-generate the documents on projectID x for me please?
"The customer is really struggling to get onto OSS, can you check the credentials?"
"I can't login with my password, can you take a look please?"
My username and password aren't working on OSS
Why is it that i can't get onto to OSS?
Could you test my user credentials for me please?
Can you send me the frame weight of order x please
I'd like to get the overall weight of the window frames in order x
I need to find out how much each of the window frames weigh on order x
There's a window on order x that I really urgently need to get the frame weight for
The customer wants to know the weight of the window frame on order x
I can't seem to get access to project x
the customer cannot open project x on OSS they've tried a bunch of times.
OSS gives an error message every time I try to open the project on OSS
Project x shows a red error message whenever I try to open it
I can't seem to open project x when i do there's an error
The documents are taking a very long time to download
The document generation won't download
I can't opoen the quote even after x hours
the document generation seems to be taking forever
Could you fix the documents on projectID x for me please?
"The customer is not able to get onto OSS with their login, can you check the credentials?"
"I can you take a look at my OSS loing please?"
My username and password aren't letting me get onto OSS
Why can't get onto to OSS with my username and password?
Could you check the customer's login details for me please?